README.md, before:

# ARX 💀🗝️⚔️
ARX derives from latin to mean Dungeon;  
ARX is my first "real" python project in which I am attempting to make an all terminal text based game.  
  
My intention with the game is to be a pick your own adventure meets dungeons and dragons meets rpg  
in which you create a character and embark upon a journey that is random upon a path towards a set goal.
This being my first "real" project, I can always use some assistance;   
Please let me know if there are ways to improve my game or if you have any ideas to add.  
Thank you! :)

## Updates for each release (starting from 6/20/2020):
### Commit #[8d4b85a](https://github.com/VladimirBienvenue/ARX/commit/8d4b85aea00ca4bcaf4cb8f837e2c4a467d68915) -> (6/20/2020): 
1. *Updated Title Sequence*
1. *fixed stat bars display*

### Commit #[ab38335](https://github.com/VladimirBienvenue/ARX/commit/ab38335b23d961b80d5eda5889eb0dcc2f8c1531) -> (6/20/2020): 
1. *Added ARX Text in game*
    1. *The setARX() function*
1. *Fixed Title Sequence Timing*
1. *Redid some function names*
1. *Fixed some spelling mistakes*

### Commit #[b45e727](https://github.com/VladimirBienvenue/ARX/commit/b45e727840232aac86a0a914d3f578e274e6ed20) -> (6/21/2020): 
1. __*BIG change in intro sequence!*__
    1. *MAIN MENU!!!*
1. *Added "Hero's Stats:" to stats bar display*
1. *Other small internal changes*

### Commit #[4096fbd](https://github.com/VladimirBienvenue/Arx/commit/4096fbd2e15a8eaf0e9a834e5de68d78c5b47b1f) -> (6/23/2020): 
1. __*Monster Update!!!*__
    1. *Added Monster Class*
    1. *Added Skeleton monster*
    1. *Added setEnemy... Functions to display info in game*
    1. *Added clearEnemyStats() function*
    1. *Added monsterFight() function*
    1. *Added Dodge Mechanic*
    1. *Added Crit Mechanic*
    1. *Added Armor (and armor breaking) Mechanic*
1. *I THINK I fixed repeatability with massive help from Jacob*
1. *Updated title screen info*
1. *Added playerStats()*
1. *Added statMeaning()*
1. *Finished re-write up until point of last "game" (added dialogue)*
1. *Refined some timings*
1. *Refined this README File*
1. *Made spacing() function.*
1. *Removed Cursor flashing (visibility entirely)*
1. *Cleaned up code*
1. *Changed "begin_ .py" to "begin .py"*
1. *Added the "Possible Future Additions / Changes" Section to README file*
1. *Added "Ways YOU Can Improve ARX!" Section to README file*

### Newest Update -> (6/23/2020):  
1. *Created "imageBasedFunctions .py" and moved such functions into that file*
1. *Added Mountains() Function with new mini ARX logo*



## Possible Future Additions / Changes:
* *Create Credits*
* *Add Level System*
    * *Experience Bar and Graphical Indication*
* *Ease of Access to Commands*
    * *Add more Commands*
* *More Dialogue*
* *Monster Loot*
* *Gold System / Economy*
* *Inventory / Equipment Display*
* *Stamina depreciation*
* *More Enemies!*
* *Spells*
* *Ways to regain lost stats*
* *Bosses?*

## Ways YOU Can Improve ARX!
* On top of any ideas you have for ARX
    * (which you can submit through github comments or via discord @ Von Spookelton#2429)
* How can I improve the combat system?
* What features do you like / do not like as much?
* Any feedback on the game helps out tremendiously, its indie develpment so the more opinions I can get that arent just mine, the better!

# Thank You for Checking out ARX! 💀🗝️⚔️

Commit message:

Reworked Game Appearance!
Check ReadMe for update notes!

README.md, after:

# ARX 💀🗝️⚔️
ARX derives from latin to mean Dungeon;  
ARX is my first "real" python project in which I am attempting to make an all terminal text based game.  
  
My intention with the game is to be a pick your own adventure meets dungeons and dragons meets rpg  
in which you create a character and embark upon a journey that is random upon a path towards a set goal.
This being my first "real" project, I can always use some assistance;   
Please let me know if there are ways to improve my game or if you have any ideas to add.  
Thank you! :)

## Updates for each release (starting from 6/20/2020):
### Commit #[8d4b85a](https://github.com/VladimirBienvenue/ARX/commit/8d4b85aea00ca4bcaf4cb8f837e2c4a467d68915) -> (6/20/2020): 
1. *Updated Title Sequence*
1. *fixed stat bars display*

### Commit #[ab38335](https://github.com/VladimirBienvenue/ARX/commit/ab38335b23d961b80d5eda5889eb0dcc2f8c1531) -> (6/20/2020): 
1. *Added ARX Text in game*
    1. *The setARX() function*
1. *Fixed Title Sequence Timing*
1. *Redid some function names*
1. *Fixed some spelling mistakes*

### Commit #[b45e727](https://github.com/VladimirBienvenue/ARX/commit/b45e727840232aac86a0a914d3f578e274e6ed20) -> (6/21/2020): 
1. __*BIG change in intro sequence!*__
    1. *MAIN MENU!!!*
1. *Added "Hero's Stats:" to stats bar display*
1. *Other small internal changes*

### Commit #[4096fbd](https://github.com/VladimirBienvenue/Arx/commit/4096fbd2e15a8eaf0e9a834e5de68d78c5b47b1f) -> (6/23/2020): 
1. __*Monster Update!!!*__
    1. *Added Monster Class*
    1. *Added Skeleton monster*
    1. *Added setEnemy... Functions to display info in game*
    1. *Added clearEnemyStats() function*
    1. *Added monsterFight() function*
    1. *Added Dodge Mechanic*
    1. *Added Crit Mechanic*
    1. *Added Armor (and armor breaking) Mechanic*
1. *I THINK I fixed repeatability with massive help from Jacob*
1. *Updated title screen info*
1. *Added playerStats()*
1. *Added statMeaning()*
1. *Finished re-write up until point of last "game" (added dialogue)*
1. *Refined some timings*
1. *Refined this README File*
1. *Made spacing() function.*
1. *Removed Cursor flashing (visibility entirely)*
1. *Cleaned up code*
1. *Changed "begin_ .py" to "begin .py"*
1. *Added the "Possible Future Additions / Changes" Section to README file*
1. *Added "Ways YOU Can Improve ARX!" Section to README file*

### Newest Update -> (6/26/2020):  
1. __*Restructured the design format of the game!!!*__
    1. *Modyified most functions to account for this!*
1. *Created "imageBasedFunctions .py" and moved such functions into that file*
1. *Added Mountains() Function with new mini ARX logo*




## Possible Future Additions / Changes:
* *Create Credits*
* *Add Level System*
    * *Experience Bar and Graphical Indication*
* *Ease of Access to Commands*
    * *Add more Commands*
* *More Dialogue*
* *Monster Loot*
* *Gold System / Economy*
* *Inventory / Equipment Display*
* *Stamina depreciation*
* *More Enemies!*
* *Spells*
* *Ways to regain lost stats*
* *Bosses?*

## Ways YOU Can Improve ARX!
* On top of any ideas you have for ARX
    * (which you can submit through github comments or via discord @ Von Spookelton#2429)
* How can I improve the combat system?
* What features do you like / do not like as much?
* Any feedback on the game helps out tremendiously, its indie develpment so the more opinions I can get that arent just mine, the better!

# Thank You for Checking out ARX! 💀🗝️⚔️
